Braille n.
a system of printing for blind people, in which each letter is represented as a raised pattern that can be read by touching it with the fingers: 
The book has been printed in six languages and in Braille.

pull off something
to succeed in doing something difficult or unexpected: 
He won five straight games and pulled off one of the tournament’s biggest upsets.

heady adj.
having a powerful effect, making you feel slightly drunk or excited:
In the heady days of their youth, they thought anything was possible.

take the plunge
to make a decision to do something, especially after thinking about it for a long time:
They're finally taking the plunge and getting married.

gargoyle n.
a stone object in the shape of the head of an ugly creature, usually seen on the roofs of old churches and other buildings


procure v.
to get something, especially after an effort:
She's managed somehow to procure his phone number.

make-or-break adj.
used to describe a decision, event, or period of time that is very important because it can make something succeed or fail completely:
Each interview that you attend is a make-or-break situation.

try-hard/tryhard n.
· a person who participates in a game or other activity with too much enthusiasm, emotion, effort, or commitment:
These tryhards need to take a moment, take a breath, and chill out.

blight v.
to spoil something:
A broken leg blighted her chances of winning the championship.

pepper v.
· to direct something suddenly and repeatedly at someone, as if attacking the person:
The mayor was peppered with questions from reporters about the municipal corruption scandal.

sinister adj.
making you feel that something bad or evil might happen:
She has dark, sinister eyes that make you nervous when she looks at you

slither v.
(of bodies) to move easily and quickly across a surface while twisting or curving:
She watched the snake slither away.

abhorrent adj.
morally very bad:
an abhorrent crime

snorkel n.
a tube that you hold in your mouth to help you breathe if you are swimming with your face underwater


revel in sth
to get great pleasure from a situation or an activity:
She's revelling in her newly found freedom.

apposite adj.
suitable and right for the occasion:
The film starts in a graveyard, an apposite image for the decaying society which is the theme of the film.


